When I walk in the garden, I like wandering alone asking myself constantly about my existence. Since I like cats, I decided to adopt one. It was a black cat with green transparent eyes. I decided to name him Fluffy, one of the cutest creatures I have ever met. 
One day, while walking in a forest, I also decided to buy a golden fish, because I had an unused glass container. I went to a city festival, I played that famous game to get a golden fish. I came back home with two of them, Lotara and Battgavish, I put them in the container. Fluffy was really curious of these two new roommates. However, the next day, he ate them, I do not know why. Yes, cats eat fish. Yes, my aquatic friends died in one day. What a shame! I feel so sad for them, my dead golden fishes. 
Then, I tried to teach my cat not to eat other animals. Fluffy was quite clever and understood that when he saw me being sad while looking at the glass recipient. Nevertheless, Fluffy was a bit angry not to be able to eat the next golden fishes that arrived in the house. In my house, now, I have one cat and three golden fish that live harmoniously. The cat curiously does not eat my plants. I have two red roses and one tall apple tree that I really love. One of the reasons why I love that tree is my love of nature. Indeed, I go often in forests in the countryside to breathe pure air. Pure air is essential for me, not only for my well-being but also for my moral. It gives me energy. That is also why I always take a glass bottle with me when I go there : I can take water from rivers when I breathe air. It is here a main reason why I love so much the countryside. 
Once, I first thought about Battgavish for his marvellous red colour. Then, I thought about Lotara, his old age and his wounds due to that entertainment industry. Of course, in our house, it was difficult to heal those animals because I have no idea about the procedures. The reason why I don’t bring them to the vet is mainly the cost, even if my cat breathes badly.